# Describe a park or a garden in your city

Today, I'd like to share about ThuLe park, one of the most significant parks in Hanoi. It is located in DCV street, right next to my school, so I often take a walk there after my afternoon class in order to stay fit. The serendipitous discovery of this beautiful park happened when I was a freshman, making the experience all the more memorable. The genesis of my fascination with Thule park occurred when my roommate proposed playing badminton there, kindling a desire to explore further. At first I thought that it would be boring and I would drop it a few days later, but I realized not only did it improve my physical status, it also expanded my social skills.

Situated in a captivating setting, Thule park offers a unique blend of water and flora lives. Located in the heart of the park, a senary lake helps regulate the temperature, making it cool in the summer and warm in the winter. Its crystal-clear waters occasionally reveal the graceful dance of fish as they chase each other. The park is also filled with various types of trees that help clean the air, rendering a beautiful scenery of blooming flowers in the summer. The lush tropical trees not only purify the air leading it to be the perfect place for physical activities but also provide a visual pleasure for observers. Especially in a very polluted city like Hanoi, Thule park has become a destination for many people.

The park is free for locals, that's why I found a lot of local elderly people participating in running. I must say they are really energetic and in very good shape despite their age; they can run faster than me, and I rarely saw anyone having to take a break. Personally, i need to recharge after the first round, resting in  the shop by the lake and enjoy their tea. Staying in the shop alone is a very memorable experience, it's a place where everyone can share their problems. To a young adult like me, these stories are some very valuable lessons. For instance, I heard about the startup journey of a self-claimed entrepreneur working in the cleaning industry, he had to face many strange requirements from the customers, even hearing about it only made me feel outraged. However, he was able to resolve it beautifully and make new loyal customers. Each day, meeting new people and learning from them, I notice a shift towards maturity.

Talking about the shop, they only served packaged food like ice-cream, sweet-bread, ... but their green tea is incredible, its freshness making it a superior drink allowing me to run for up to 2 more rounds. It is also a favorite place to make new friends who enjoy exterior activities and to observe breathtaking panorama of the tranquil lake and beautiful green line of tropical trees. I believed the authorities has done much financial attribute in order to give the local a place to rest after a long working day.

Exploring Thule park allows me to immerse myself in energetic atmosphere, encourage me to better myself not only physically but also academically and socially. To me, this is a very interesting place where we can see the elderly being associated with sport and being active. I found that even the old people who have reached the era when they don’t need to compete anymore, tried to stay fit, there is no reason for a young man like me to procrastinate and avoid my fear.

Take part in the park community, i become more independent, ready to live far from home and to explore new things. As long as i still live near Thule park, i would keep visiting it regularly. To any freshman, take a walk in the park is a very new experience that you should try, you could learn more than what you have learned in school. This park or all Vietnamese parks in general are the rare places where you can find energetic elderly, this could be a memorable place for foreigners upon visiting my country.
